fix: [pfe-icon] icon color vs. background-color discrepancy (#1541) (#1545)
patternfly/patternfly-elements: elements/pfe-icon/README.md

| Name | Values | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `icon` | `iconSet-iconName` | For example, `rh-leaf` loads a leaf icon from an icon set named "rh". |

> | `size` | `sm` `md` `lg` `xl` `1x` `2x` `3x` `4x` | The default size is 1em, so icon size matches text size.  `2x`, etc, are multiples of font size.  `sm`, `md`, etc are fixed pixel-based sizes. |

Reviewer: Thanks for updating the docs!

> There are several powerful variables available to hook into and override default styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several powerful ways to hook into and override default styles.
```

This heading says "several powerful variables" but then the next thing below it says "the color attribute" which could be confusing.

- Color: the `color` attribute is available to pull icon color from your theming layer.  For more fine-grained control, `--pfe-icon--color` is available to override the color of a specific icon or sets of icons and will be applied to the SVG.  [Examples][color-examples]
- Background color: the `color` attribute is available to pull background color from your theming layer.  For more fine-grained control, `--pfe-icon--BackgroundColor` is available to override the background color of a specific icon or sets of icons.  Be sure to set `--pfe-icon--context` to the appropriate context if you are setting the background-color or use the more fine-grained `--pfe-icon--color` to set a specific color on the SVG lines.

> | Theme hook | Description | Default |

Reviewer: Do we consistently say "Theme hook" in the docs? I wonder if these should be more explicit & say "CSS Custom Properties" or "CSS Variables"

Author: I opened a story to address this because these tables are standard in all our documentation and if we update one we should probably update all at the same time 👍 https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/issues/1632
